23rd March: UK "stay at home" lockdown is put into effect

8th May: Easing lockdown to allow people to exercise outside more than once a day and for some garden centers to reopen

18th May: Easing lockdown to allow jury trials to resume in some courts

1st June: Easing lockdown for people to meet up outside with people from another household but maintain social distance rules and must not go into another person's home

29th June: Schools reopen with a third of students in school at any one time

6th July: Easing lockdown to allow 2 households to form an "extended household"

20th July: Easing lockdown to allow playgrounds, outdoor gyms and funfairs to reopen 

25th July: campsites with shared facilities are allowed to reopen

27th July: 
- Easing lockdown to allow tattooists, nail bars, spas, tanning shops, museums and art galleries to reopen. 
- Driving lessons to also resume 
- people to work from home if they can, meaning it is no longer a criminal offence to not do so, but people are still advised to work from home if they have the option.

10th august: 
- swimming pools, gyms, leisure centres and indoor play areas, including soft play can reopen

21 August: 
First Minister Mark Drakeford announces that small-scale outdoor theatres and sporting events involving audience of up to 100 will be trialled, with three events to initially take place.

7 September: Residents of Caerphilly County Borough Council are made subject to the first local lockdown in Wales, which takes effect from 6pm on 8 September. As a result of the new measures, those within Caerphilly Council will have to wear face coverings in indoor public spaces, extended household arrangements will be ended, and travel restrictions will be in place to prevent travel outside of Caerphilly without a "good reason"

16 September: Rhondda Cynon Taf is placed under lockdown restrictions, effective from 18:00 BST on 17 September. From then, people living in the area are not permitted to leave without a valid reason, such as travelling to work or for education, and licensed premises must close at 23:00 BST

19 September: Hospital and care home visits are suspended in Bridgend, Merthyr Tydfil and Rhondda Cynon Taf because of concerns about rising COVID-19 cases in those areas

21 September – Lockdown restrictions are announced for Merthyr Tydfil, Bridgend, Blaenau Gwent and Newport with effect from 18:00 on 22 September; people in those areas will not be permitted to leave, while licensed premises must close by 23:00

22 September – In a pre-recorded television address, First Minister Mark Drakeford announces fresh restrictions amid rising COVID-19 cases, bringing Wales into line with England. Pubs, restaurants and bars must close at 10pm from Thursday 24 September, and offer table service only, while off licences and supermarkets must stop serving alcohol at that time. Drakeford also advises people against unnecessary travel

24 September: Lockdown restrictions are extended in Caerphilly for another week

25 September: Lockdown measures are introduced for Llanelli, Cardiff and Swansea, with the measures taking effect in Llanelli at 18:00 on 26 September, and Cardiff and Swansea at 18:00 on 27 September

26 September: Wales's first town-only lockdown comes into force in Llanelli.

27 September:
Lockdown measures are announced for Neath Port Talbot, Torfaen and Vale of Glamorgan, beginning at 18:00BST on 28 September. This means two thirds of Wales's population are subject to lockdown measures

29 September:
Lockdown restrictions are announced for Conwy, Denbighshire, Flintshire, and Wrexham, taking effect from 18:00BST on 1 October; people cannot enter or leave these areas unless for a valid reason such as work or education

1 October:
As Conwy, Denbighshire, Flintshire and Wrexham go into lockdown, businesses in the area express fears that local lockdown could lead to job losses and closures.

9 October: Lockdown restrictions are announced for Bangor, beginning at 18:00BST on 10 October

23 October: Wales begins its 17-day firebreak lockdown in a bid to slow the rise in COVID cases and hospital admissions.

2 November –
First Minister Mark Drakeford announces that two households will be able to form a support bubble once the firebreak ends on 9 November. Travel restrictions will also be lifted, but people will not be allowed to leave the country.

3 November – First Minister Mark Drakeford announces that groups of four people from different households will be able to meet in pubs, bars and restaurants when the firebreak ends. Larger groups from one household will be allowed to eat together, but people are asked to do so in the smallest groups possible

9 November – Wales's 17-day firebreak lockdown comes to an end. Non-essential shops are allowed to reopen, along with restaurants, pubs and gyms. Two households can again form a bubble, while four people from separate households can meet up indoors or outdoors. Travel is permitted anywhere within Wales

25 December: lockdown rules are briefly relaxed for christmas

26 December –
Wales enters lockdown after rules were briefly relaxed over Christmas Day

6 January
With the third lockdown officially under way, Boris Johnson says he cannot guarantee that all children will be back at school before the summer holidays
- Legislation for the 3rd national lockdown comes into force by putting every area in England into the tier 4 area and strengthening the restrictions.

29 March – Movement restrictions are loosened by the first phase of the "Steps" regulations, allowing two households or six people to meet outside. Weddings with up to six people are also permitted again. Prime Minister Boris Johnson urges people to be cautions as COVID remains a threat.

17 May –
Restrictions are relaxed allowing indoor hospitality to reopen with groups of up to six people. Bingo halls also reopen



